my click on the body part you want to
work on scroll through the choices at
the bottom of the screen how many heads
would you like heads mouths I antenna
colors bodies patterns colors how many
arms would you like arms patterns colors
how many legs would you like colors now
it's time to build your robot next click
and drag the pulse you built onto the
robot frame
you
next positively exquisite your robot is
coming to life now give him some style
accessorize I say accessorize hats who
says robots don't have personalities go
ahead program your robots mood talent
and frantic means wild with excitement
print press this robot is fantastic
there is no way WordGirl will be able to
resist my metallic machinations talent
next
Preston painting crunching this robot is
fantastic there is no way WordGirl will
be able to resist my metallic
machinations